hey guys it's me Anna welcome to the
meetup on this episode I'm talking with
not one but two guests today she'll be
in Monica church and we're going to be
doing a new photo booth challenge that's
gonna be super fun so let's get started
welcome to the meetup thanks for coming
for having us so we're gonna start out
with our outfits of the days do you want
to go first cheering yeah I'm wearing
this loose-fitting white top from brandy
melville and then this little stone
necklace also from brandy yeah you know
yeah okay love it and then these jeans
are from True Religion and my shoes are
from tory burch they're just gold fly my
outfit this cropped gray sweater is from
forever 21 this skirt is from brandy
melville and then my shoes are these
jeffrey campbell Coltrane boots and then
my necklace is from bolivars from
Ingrid's collection my top is from
brandy melville the bracelet in the
ringer from nordstrom the jeans are true
religion and the boots are from nine
west you guys moved to California this
summer how do you like it I love it so
much more than Washington just the
weather it's amazing i love it yeah I've
lived here my whole life so I don't
really know any different but you like
it better yeah I like it better are you
planning on going back to seattle at all
uh we'll just kind of sometimes like go
back like Oh for like a weekend break
like for thanksgiving we um surprise
their parents and went back just for the
back end stuff like that but not like
live there so who started their channel
first I started my channel first I
started it and then I had to like
convince Shelby I was like feels like I
don't know but it looked fun I just I
was like okay how much later did you
start yours after her it was a few
months probably like three what's your
favorite part about being a twin you
really never bored you just always have
someone to hang out with and go places
with like go to school so it's really
fun yeah yeah you're seriously like
never alone if you don't want to be
people think it's like oh like you have
a best friend with you but at the same
time it's like still your sister I still
kind of fight are you both still diving
yeah we kind of dive i still can like do
everything that I've learned debbie is
kind of something like once you learn it
you can probably still do it for a while
I love
it and I definitely like want to still
do it what's the hardest dive you've
ever done probably front two and a half
on one meter but 10 meter I'll jump off
and that just scares me like it's so
high yeah I'll do like a handstand and
then you kind of like fall fun is scary
my meters crazy like y'all break bone
from lunch just like jumping like
falling wrong like smacking the water oh
my god is scary but yeah can you tell us
about anything special you're going to
be doing on your channel in the new year
well we just started our twin channel
we're doing just 20 Tuesday every
Tuesday on that and so we're really
excited to like do a lot of new videos
for Twitter questions we have at
seriously love autók asks what's your
favorite kind of video to film my
favorite our outfit videos cuz I like to
like go different places and then it's
so fun to edit if you can do it when the
Sun is setting and it just looks yeah
really perfect seriously outfit videos
just playing with the Sun that time of
day is like the best film it's awesome
perfect I like filming halls the best
because okay you get to go shopping yeah
and then like you're just so excited
from going shopping and you're just like
oh my gosh okay so I went shopping I got
this yeah do you ever just like go
shopping cuz you're like I want to make
a home yeah yeah exactly what like mom
this is for work like I have like that's
like always well yeah at XO Jordan page
asks what is your favorite video that
you've made my favorite is I made a
local in Seattle and every time I watch
it it makes me just want to go back to
Seattle my favorite video is me and
Shelby did a challenge of who's better
at gymnastics and I just really like
that one is we get to show us doing
gymnastics which is always like really
fun and we like made it funny and it
really was a challenge I change spots
but um we're gonna start the challenge
we have the computer here no squirrel
that's what we're doing right now this
is just scary it's only awesome
looks like a pig nose doing the wards oh
my god oh my gosh just look like a
different person there you really do ah
Yan okay we're done with you oh my gosh
be a challenge in itself you could just
be like trying to do your eyebrows while
on this filter like this one we're all
about to cry yeah she's really sassy ah
I feel like I'm trying to make the face
like in person of what this looks like
ah i look at my real face of scared ring
comment below some check it out i got
extensions oh my god so i hope you guys
enjoyed this episode of the meetup make
sure you subscribe to polished for more
episodes and subscribe to Monica
hairodynamic and Shelby's Channel show
me church and then my channel makeup I'm
Andy 24 see you next Friday and let's do
one more wrong